Download Link: https://assignmentchef.com/product/solved-solved-cost-analysis-and-network-proposal-for-design-it-and-presentation
<br>
Assignment 1: Network Consultation for DesignIT Due Week 10 and worth 200 points This assignment contains two (1) Sections: Network Consultation Proposal The owners of DesignIT, who recently purchased 56’x36′ space for their expanding business, have asked you to place a bid on a consulting job. DesignIT is a graphic arts company that, up until now, had contracted work out to temporary design services. The new space will allow them to hire two (2) full time designers and a receptionist. NB// only word document no ppt. Description of space purchased:  4 Cubicles  1 Office  1 Server room  1 Reception desk  1 Conference room Below is the design of the space purchased: Click here if you are having trouble viewing the above image. Using the building layout, your role is to provide DesignIT with a network design that interconnects the following considerations:  DesignIT plans to relocate three (3) servers already configured as follows:  1 Web Server – Microsoft IIS Server  1 File Server – Microsoft Server 2008  1 Server – Server 2008 Small Business Server  DesignIT has requested that the design include the following:  High speed Internet access  Firewall  Antivirus / malware protection  Six (6) computers  Three (3) color laser printers  Wireless access for portable devices  DesignIT has requested the consideration of all interconnected devices and wiring, along with speeds, for best performance. Section 1: Network Consultation Proposal (Microsoft Word) Create a cost analysis, and develop a proposal for the company. 1. Write an five (5) page proposal in which you: a. Recommend one (1) suitable network design. b. Suggest one (1) network architecture. c. Suggest LAN and Wireless LAN (WLAN) wiring considerations. d. Recommend hardware options and costs. e. Suggest security considerations for: i. Firewall ii. Antivirus software f. Recommend software options and costs. g. Outline the labor costs, equipment costs, and service costs for your suggested design in table format. h. Identify the single point of failure, and recommend potential mitigation strategies. i. Use at least three (3) quality resources in this assignment. Note: Wikipedia and similar Websites do not qualify as quality resources. Section 1 of your assignment must follow these formatting requirements:  Be typed, double spaced, using Times New Roman font (size 12), with one-inch margins on all sides; citations and references must follow APA or school-specific format. Check with your professor for any additional instructions.  Include a cover page containing the title of the assignment, the student’s name, the professor’s name, the course title, and the date. The cover page and the reference page are not included in the required assignment page length.